Simplify the mac command line instructions (#90)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/tooling/kn-plugin-workflow-overview.adoc

.. Copy the `kn-workflow` binary to a directory in your `PATH`, such as `/usr/local/bin` and ensure that the file name is `kn-workflow`.
.. On Mac, add ownership to the root user as follows:
+
`chmod +x /usr/local/bin/kn-workflow`
+

> [WARN]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
```

==== 

> Some systems might block the application to run due to Apple inforcing policies. To fix this problem, check the "Security & Privacy" section in the "System Preferences", "General" tab to approve the application to run. More information available at link:{apple_support_url}[this Apple support article].

Reviewer 2: enforcing policies?

Author: Yup, you can't run any application on your mac if the dev is not certified. 😢 

Do you have a better term?

Author: @hmanwani-rh you might need to go over https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/mh40616/mac to see if the term is correct.

It's impossible here since the page opens in Portuguese, and I can't find a way to switch to EN.

Reviewer 2: > Yup, you can't run any application on your mac if the dev is not certified. cry
> 
> Do you have a better term?

the term is fine, I was referring that I think it is "enforcing" instead "inforcing".

Reviewer: @ricardozanini https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/mh40616/mac does not contain any word as inforce or enforce. However, _inforce_ is an obsolete spelling of _enforce_, therefore I think we should use "Apple enforcing policies" or "Apple policies".

Author: @hmanwani-rh I've already changed to _enforce_. Can you please do a quick review? :)

> Some systems might block the application to run due to Apple enforcing policies. To fix this problem, check the "Security & Privacy" section in the "System Preferences", "General" tab to approve the application to run. More information available at link:{apple_support_url}[this Apple support article].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some systems might block the application to run due to Apple enforcing policies. To fix this problem, check the *Security & Privacy* section in the *System Preferences* -> *General* tab to approve the application to run. For more information, see link:{apple_support_url}[Apple support article: Open a Mac app from an unidentified developer].
```
